# Bonus-Question  
**Explain the difference between reproducibility and replicability in scientific research. How can git and GitHub be used to enhance the reproducibility and replicability of your work? What limitations do they have?**  

Reproducibility can be defined as the tendency to achieve the same results consistently when analysing the same dataset with the same methodology, but this methodology and analysis is conducted by someone other than the original researcher. Reproducibility ensures consistency within the original findings and ensures that the results are not dependent on an external factor that is present in the original group but not in the reproducing group.  

Replicability is similar to reproducibility however typically concerns the ability to acquire consistent results when completely new datasets are used by different researchers. Looking at replicability of studies can help to assess generalisability of the data which looks at how representative the results are to a "target population".  
Using git and github can help to increase both the reproducibility and replicability in studies. Git can enhance reproducibility by allowing access to a "history" of a script or file, meaning that changes can be tracked over time, therefore allowing researchers to reproduce the same findings from the same analysis at a specific point in time. GitHub also ensures reproducibility by providing an online platform over which code can be shared between collaborators and people with interest for falsification. 
Replicability can be enhanced by using git and GitHub through the use of repositories which allow all relevant data and scripts to be uploaded to an online platform which can be easily accessed by individuals with interest. In addition, the use of README.md files provides further information on the analysis and methodologies which allows other individuals to understand reasoning behind the script and methods, thus increasing the replicability of future work or falsifications.  
Limitations of git and GitHub arise for a multitude of reasons, for example, using git/GitHub in studies requires some prior knowledge and experience, which many researchers may not have. This reduces the efficiency of the analysis and also means there is a tendency for data and scripts to go un-uploaded which means that the reproducibility and replicability of the studies cannot be wholly determined. In addition, for experienced researchers, dependency on the GitHub platform could cause issue if the platform were to be updated or taken down. 
